Brother, thank you for being hungry.
What does the little sister say? I'm your brother.
May I help you?
How could brother not come back?
And then I heard that...
You were supposed to have a meeting abroad today
Big brother sent a special plane to pick me up
It will be over by the time he goes.
Well, what about big brother?
He went to buy you a cake
When he said you were in a bad mood
Will eat crape vig cake
He will fall in love more than me and Mingchen
Why are you calling him by his name?
He is our eldest brother.
You really think of him as your big brother
I remember when you were a child, you refused to call him brother
He also said that he must marry him when he grows up
It was a childhood joke.
joke
I'm afraid some people don't think this is a joke
The surgery is over.
I think this kid likes you
What do you think?
What are you talking about?
Why are you looking at me with this expression?
You went there specifically to buy me a cake
Big problem